DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia, King
Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: Of the Six Attribute Energies we have
successfully obtained two: Haos and Subterra.
ZENOHELD: Unfortunately, Pyrus, Darkus, Aquos and
Ventus still elude us.
ZENOHELD: So then, which of you plans to fix this situation?
SHADOW PROVE: Isn't it obvious, sir?
I smacked down two Brawlers by myself with no
problem, so it should be...me!
PRINCE HYDRON: Please. You hardly made it back.
PRINCE HYDRON: If you're anxious to battle again,
you should take some back up with you.
SHADOW PROVE: Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhhh!
[\u266a]
DAN: That's the way! Let that tin can have it!
[explosion]
[\u266a]
DAN: Dino-KO!
DAN: Yeeeeeaaaaahhhh!
Dude, this movie's awesome on the big screen.
Hey Drago... How 'bout those monster moves?
DRAGO: Hmmmmphh. Movies always exaggerate.
I could do better.
MARUCHO: I dunno, Drago.
That monster's pretty tough.
ACE: Whatever...It's just a stupid movie but if he
were real, Percival could take him.
BARON: Yeah, and Nemus would take him too!
SHUN: But not as fast as Ingram could.
DAN/BARON/ACE: [inaudible arguing in background]
RUNO: This is why I hate watching monster movies
with these guys...it always ends in an argument.
JULIE: Unhhh, plus it leaves me with a headache.
MIRA: It's really not their fault....They're
just extra wound up because they're stuck in
here...Boys get frustrated when they can't battle.
DAN: Man, after seeing that I'm just itching to brawl with
those Vexos goons.
ELFIN: Me too! This hiding out stuff is for suckers.
I say we go look for some Vexos to throw down.
DAN: Huh?
ELFIN: Sorry, I know it's not ladylike to say so,
but I'm just so frustrated by all this sitting around.
I'm no scaredy cat! I'm fierce like a tiger.
Let's just see one of those Vexos try to take me down.
ELFIN: I don't care who it is.
Prince Hydron, Mylene, Shadow Prove, Lync...it
doesn't matter.
I'll knock 'em down like a bunch of bowling pins.
PREYAS: Stop it!
MARUCHO: What's wrong, Preyas?
PREYAS: She's talking craziness, that's what.
None of us are afraid of the Vexos, but that
doesn't mean we can be irresponsible and go
around picking fights.
PREYAS: As the keeper of the Aquos Attribute
Energy, Elfin needs to be more responsible.
ELFIN: Are you calling me irresponsible?
PREYAS: \"Hot headed\" is more like it.
Who do you think you are, Elfin?
Just because you've evolved doesn't mean
you're indestructible.
You young ones are so cocky.
ELFIN: Cocky? Just because we're not afraid to fight
like you old folks?
You've got some nerve, Preyas.
PREYAS: I might be older than you, but that doesn't
mean I can't still Brawl circles around you...
[\u266a]
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Elfin on the Run.
ELFIN: Ooooooh, that know-it-all Preyas really
gets my pigtails in a twist.
ELFIN: I was just trying to boost team morale.
ELFIN: Hot headed?
I'm not hot headed! I'm totally calm!
PREYAS: It makes no sense!
ELFIN: Preyas? Where's he saying now?
PREYAS: The Six Ancient Warriors must have been
out of their minds when they made that decision.
ELFIN: Huh?
MARUCHO: I understand your frustration, Preyas, I
really do...but they obviously had their reasons.
PREYAS: But what could they possibly be?
PREYAS: I'm the older and more experienced one.
I should have been the one they chose to bestow the Aquos energy
to, not that bubble-headed, pig-tailed nit wit.
MARUCHO: Oh, you don't mean that.
ELFIN: Soooooo. That's what this is really about.
PREYAS: Whah?
ELFIN: You're jealous, that the Six Ancient
Warriors decided I was better than you.
They were right! And the fact that they chose me proves it!
PREYAS: What did you just say?
MARUCHO: Enough Elfin!
That's no way to talk to Preyas...I want you to
apologize right now!
ELFIN: You're on his side too?
Thanks a lot, Marucho!
MARUCHO: Huh? No, I'm not saying...
ELFIN: Well it sure sounds like it. Don't worry...
I know when I'm not wanted.
Maybe it's time for me head back home...where I belong!
MARUCHO: Elfin, wait!
MARUCHO: [gasp]
MARUCHO: [sigh] Come back, Elfin.
PREYAS: Was it something I said?
ELFIN: I'm sick of hiding, sick of being treated like
a child, sick of being told what to do....
ELFIN: ...and I'm sick of these lasers tooooo!
OLD MAN: Excuse me,...can you tell me how to get to
the hearing-aid store fella?
SHADOW PROVE: Hmmmm?
SHADOW PROVE: What do I look like?
Directory Assistance?
Beat it Gramps, I'm busy here!
OLD MAN: OLD MAN: [screams]
SHADOW PROVE: Hmmph.
Why do people keep asking me for directions?
Must be this disguise.
ELFIN: Ahhhh, free at last. This feels amazing.
ELFIN: I've been cooped up so long.
This is such a treat.
Hope you're enjoying being packed in like sardines guys!
Try not to miss me! Whoa...hey...wait!
ELFIN: Ow! Not the ribs. Dumb birds.
[screams]
ELFIN: [exertion, panic]
ELFIN: Ahhh, that's better.
Huh?
ELFIN: Oh, no, no, no. Stop it. Stop it.
ELFIN: Bad kitty! You're a very, very bad...
I'm gonna throw up.
ELFIN: Ahhhh!
MOVIE ACTRESS: I'm just going to check on the children.
MOVIE ACTRESS: Where are the...
[screams]
JULIE/RUNO/MIRA: [screams]
MARUCHO: We should have brought one of the others
along with us for back up.
Especially after we lectured Elfin.
PREYAS: Relax. She can't have gotten far.
We'll apologize and we'll all be home safe and sound
in no time.
MARUCHO: I dunno.
PREYAS: There's no point worrying everyone over her
spoiled stunt for attention.
MARUCHO: [panting]
You know, Preyas...you were a little hard on her, earlier.
You know that?
PREYAS: She was just as hard on me.
This younger generation just can't take criticism.
ELFIN: What am I doing here...
ELFIN: It's all Preyas' fault.
If only he hadn't opened his big, fat mouth...
I wouldn't be out here all alone.
SHADOW PROVE: Well, well, well.
What do we have here?
ELFIN: [gasp]
SHADOW PROVE: Are you lost little Bakugan?
ELFIN: I'm not lost.
Can't a girl enjoy a quiet afternoon in the park...
by herself?
SHADOW PROVE: Shhhaaaaahhhhh!
ELFIN: Vexos!
ELFIN: [scream]
[gasp]
PRINCE HYDRON: Looks like she's carrying the Aquos energy.
Nice job.
SHADOW PROVE: That was so easy it's almost embarrassing.
Like candy from a baby, my man.
ELFIN: What kind of a creep hits a girl from behind?
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
ELFIN: Somebody, help me!
SHADOW PROVE: Hang on, Elfin!
ELFIN: Huh?!
SHADOW PROVE: Hey!
ELFIN: Oh!
ELFIN: Whoa! [grunt]
PREYAS: Can't leave you alone for a second, can I?
ELFIN: How did you find me?
MARUCHO: Elfin! Are you okay?
ELFIN: Marucho, you came too?
PREYAS: You may not know this, but I'm a cat whisperer.
Your friend there told us where you were.
MARUCHO: Thank goodness you're okay.
We were so worried.
ELFIN: Well, that's very nice and all, but I'm
sorry to tell you I won't be going back with you.
PREYAS: Are you kidding me?
After we just saved your bacon?
MARUCHO: He didn't mean it.
What he meant to say was that...
ELFIN: -I know what he meant. And I don't care.
My mind is made up. I'm going home!
SHADOW PROVE: Hey kiddies. Why so angry?
SHADOW PROVE: I don't know what you're fighting about.
But it's bumming me out.
Hand over the Aquos energy!
Hahaha!
PRINCE HYDRON: I knew it was too good to be true,
Shadow Prove...Looks like we're gonna have to fight for it.
PRINCE HYDRON: I guess it's a good thing I'm in
the mood to brawl.
MARUCHO: You and me both, Hydron.
MARUCHO: Come on Elfin. Let's show them what you're made of.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: The Aquos Energy is as good as mine!
HYDRON/SHADOW PROVE/MARUCHO: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Gate Card, set!
SHADOW PROVE: Darkus MAC Spider!
Bakugan Brawl!
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Let's do it guys. Aquos Preyas!
Aquos Minx Elfin! Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
PREYAS: Ding-dong!
Preyas is here to ring your bell!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
ELFIN: Who says Brawling has to be all doom and gloom.
I bring sweetness and light to your inevitable defeat.
I am...Aquos Minx Elfin!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: Ooooh...That was awful quick.
SHADOW PROVE: I call that one the squeeze play!
SHADOW PROVE: Smile Elfin.
Darkus MAC Spider wants to have you for dinner tonight.
MARUCHO: Look out, Elfin!
PREYAS: Hang on a sec!
PREYAS: Attribute change! Subterra!
PREYAS: That tickled.
MARUCHO: Nice one.
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability card, set!
MARUCHO: Side Formation!
PREYAS: Yeeee Haaaaaah!
SHADOW PROVE: Did I say \"have\" for dinner?
I meant \"eat\" you for dinner.
ELFIN: [whimpering] Help me, Preyas!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: [gasps] Huh? What just happened?
SHADOW PROVE: You got lucky with that cheap shot!
ELFIN: Huh?
PREYAS: What do you mean \"cheap shot\"?
SHADOW PROVE: Oh, a wise guy huh?
Gate card, open!
Uh, please?
MARUCHO: A gate card can't be opened when Slide
Formation is activated.
SHADOW PROVE: Hey!
I thought you were my back up.
Do something, will ya?
PRINCE HYDRON: Alright. Relax.
PRINCE HYDRON: Let's go! Subterra Dryoid! Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan stand!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Ability activate! Slumping Rocket!
PREYAS: You wanted dinner?
PREYAS: How bout a knuckle sandwich!
[explosion]
GAUNTLET: Shadow Prove Life force 80%.
SHADOW PROVE: Whaaaaah?
PRINCE HYDRON: Nice shot.
ELFIN: You know, I didn't ask for your help, Preyas.
PREYAS: Huh?
ELFIN: It was a trick...I wanted them to think I was
helpless and then turn the tables with a surprise
reverse attack.
PREYAS: Yeah, right! As if.
PREYAS: You can pretend to be tough all you
want...I don't need a pat on the back for saving you, okay.
What's most important is...is that we protect
the Aquos Energy.
MARUCHO: You only heard part of our conversation
earlier, Elfin.
ELFIN: Huh?
MARUCHO: Preyas said a lot more you didn't hear.
PREYAS: The ones who have been given the six
attribute energies have targets on their backs.
They'll be hunted by Zenoheld and the Vexos.
It's not fair that Elfin be put through that...
MARUCHO: You see, Preyas wasn't speaking out of
jealousy.
Rather he was concerned for you and your safety.
PREYAS: But...Marucho... [sigh]
ELFIN: Hmmm?
ELFIN: I was so wrong.
PRINCE HYDRON: Let's go! Ability activate.
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
PREYAS: Huh?
[\u266a]
PREYAS: [pain]
GAUNTLET: Marucho Life Force 60%.
ELFIN: You mess with my friend, you mess with me!
LITTLE ELFINS: - Go Elfin go! Go Elfin go! Go Elfin go!
ELFIN: Ability activate! Chatty Clatter!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: Pump it uuuuuupppppp!
That's what I'm talkin' about!
PRINCE HYDRON: Shut them up, Dryoid.
ELFIN: [scream]
GAUNTLET: Marucho Life Force 30%.
MARUCHO: You guys both took pretty big hits.
Are you alright?
[\u266a]
PREYAS: We're okay, boss.
For all of our tough talk today we should be smoking
these turkeys.
ELFIN: Don't worry.
I'm not about to lose to those two dorks.
Teamwork?
PREYAS: Yeah!
MARUCHO: That's it guys...Teamwork...
Time to win this thing.
MARUCHO: Gate Card, set!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
ELFIN: Vexos!
PREYAS: Come out and play!
SHADOW PROVE: Playtime is over.
You two are going down.
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan Stand!
MARUCHO: Double Ability, Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
MARUCHO: Ripple Trap plus Water Refrain!
ELFIN: Hiiiiiiyyyyaaaaahhhhh!
PREYAS: Haaaaaahhhhhhh!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Hey, what's happening?
MARUCHO: Water Refrain blocks you from activating
any of your abilities.
Sorry pal!
SHADOW PROVE: [frustrated grunt]
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Stand!
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability Activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
PREYAS: [scream] [grunt]
ELFIN: [scream] [grunt]
MARUCHO: Bakugan Trap... Aquos Tripod Theta! I call you!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Ability Activate!
MARUCHO: Diamond Snail!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: What?
PRINCE HYDRON: You nullified my ability.
SHADOW PROVE: I'm about to get my abilities back.
And boy are you guys gonna be sorry. I promise.
ELFIN: Hmmmph.
PREYAS: Hmmmph.
ELFIN: Why should you have all the attribute change
fun, Preyas?
I'll just step through this circle of light
and....slip into something a little more....Darkus!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: I make black and blue look soooo good?
PREYAS: What a great idea. Attribute Change! Darkus!
PREYAS: Ding dong! Darkus Preyas is here!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Finally!
Now you're gonna get it Brawler!
MARUCHO: Gate Card, open!
MARUCHO: Forcement Wind!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Huh?
Why are those guys glowing and gaining power?
MARUCHO: Forcement Wind is a gate card where the
power levels go up by the number of Bakugan with the
same attribute times 100!
SHADOW PROVE: That's way too much math for me.
Explain please.
PRINCE HYDRON: Basically, they just gained a bunch
of points over you.
SHADOW PROVE: That's what I thought.
SHADOW PROVE: Ability activate!
Tarantula Needle!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: [grunt, pain]
MARUCHO: Double Ability, activate!
Glow Snail Plus...
MARUCHO: Super Moonbow!
MARUCHO: Glow Snail...
MARUCHO: ... is a combination attack with
Theta that increases the ability effect!
ELFIN: Oh yeaaaah!
Time for the Darkus sequel.
I'm gonna double my pleasure by doubling your pain.
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Oh maaaaannnn!
MARUCHO: And here's an extra kicker....Ability Activate!
MARUCHO: Glow Snail! Plus, Whirl Kick!
PREYAS: Get ready for a lickin'....cause here I
come a kickin'!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Hydron Life Force 10%.
PRINCE HYDRON: I like you, Preyas....But not enough.
Gate Card set!
ALL: Bakugan Stand!
ELFIN: Like I said, great things come in twos.
PREYAS: Which is why we're an unbeatable duo.
PRINCE HYDRON: We'll just see about that...Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Blue Stealth!
PREYAS: Here we go!
Now you see me! Now you don't!
SHADOW PROVE: Huh? He just disappeared.
PRINCE HYDRON: Blue Stealth, huh?
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability Activate! Trance Sword!
ELFIN/PREYAS: [grunt]
[\u266a]
ELFIN: Oh no! Preyas!
PRINCE HYDRON: That's the thing about
invisibility...but it doesn't protect you
against a blow from a Trance Sword.
SHADOW PROVE: Your shoulder looks like it hurts.
How 'bout I put you out of your misery.
SHADOW PROVE: Ability activate! Spider Cannon!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: [growl] Fire!
MARUCHO: Ability Activate!
ELFIN: Hyper Bubble Shield!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Too little, too late!
Say goodnight!
ELFIN: [screams]
PREYAS: [gasp]
ELFIN: Preyas!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: [screams]
PREYAS: Elfin!
MARUCHO: Oh no!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: I'm so sorry.
PREYAS: Elfin, no!
ELFIN: [screams]
GAUNTLET: Marucho Life Force, 10%.
MARUCHO: The...Aquos...Energy's gone.
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
PREYAS: Hmmm?
SHADOW PROVE: That's right.
We have it and you don't!
[laughter]
PRINCE HYDRON: Sacrificing yourself like that may
have been noble...but it was also very foolish of
you Elfin.
SHADOW PROVE: ...and stupid, too.
PREYAS: You two are the foolish ones.
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh?
SHADOW PROVE: Whah?
PREYAS: You hurt Elfin.
PREYAS: My precious little Elfin!
PREYAS: [growl] So now I'm gonna make you hurt!
MARUCHO: Come Aquos Tripod Theta!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: You're still, finished...
Gate Card, open! Land Pressure.
[\u266a]
PREYAS: [grunt, pain]
PRINCE HYDRON: Land Pressure is a gate card
that manipulates gravity and renders one's opponent immobile.
It's a slow and painful way to -
MARUCHO: - Ability Activate! Clear Snail!
PRINCE HYDRON: What's this?
MARUCHO: Clear Snail bounces back the gate
card's effects!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Now, how's it feel?
To be the one who can't move?
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh?
SHADOW PROVE: You gotta be kidding me.
MARUCHO: Ability activate! Water Refrain!
MARUCHO: And now I've nullified your ability!
Double ability, activate!
MARUCHO: Grand Snail!
MARUCHO: Plus Blue Squall!
PREYAS: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
PREYAS: Vexos!
PREYAS: Here I come!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Shadow Prove and Prince Hydron Life Force 0%.
JULIE/MIRA: [gasp]
RUNO: I just love a happy ending.
See what a great movie that was guys?
Did you like it, Dan?
DAN/SHUN/BARON: [snoring]
RUNO: Oh man. I guess not.
SHADOW PROVE: I can't believe one Bakugan with
no energy left took us both down. It's crazy.
PRINCE HYDRON: Relax. At least we got the Aquos Energy.
That's what's most important here.
I can't wait to get back to the palace and rub it
in Mylene's face.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
ELFIN: I'm sorry guys.
I let my ego get in the way of protecting the
Aquos Energy.
MARUCHO: Elfin, it's okay...we're still family
no matter what, got it?
ELFIN: But...
PREYAS: ...no buts. Marucho's right.
We're just lucky you weren't hurt any worse.
ELFIN: Oh, Preyas...
ELFIN: After I said so many mean things to you,
you still called me your precious little Elfin.
PREYAS: What? No I didn't.
That blast must've rattled your brain.
You're hearing things.
ELFIN: I'm not the crazy one. You said it!
PREYAS: No I didn't!
ELFIN: Yes you did!
PREYAS: No, I didn't! No I didn't!
ELFIN: Preyas, don't you dare deny it!
PREYAS: I will deny it because I never said it!
MARUCHO: [chuckle]
ELFIN: You are unbelievable.
After all we've been through today.
PREYAS: You're crazy. Do you hear me?! Cuh-razy!
[\u266a]
SHUN: My plan to protect Ingram's attribute energy
was to hide out and lay low.
But that was easier said than done.
SHUN: I should have known something was wrong the
second I saw the strange Samurai in my midst.
As soon as I realized it was Volt I knew I was in
for some serious brawling.
Everywhere I looked, chaos was exploding.
But don't take my word for it.
SHUN: Tune in to check out the action first hand.
You haven't seen anything like it.
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: The time to fight...is here.
Ventus Ingram!
[\u266a]